README.rst, before:

=============================================
Model Bakery: Smart fixtures for better tests
=============================================

*Model-bakery* offers you a smart way to create fixtures for testing in Django.
With a simple and powerful API you can create many objects with a single line of code.

.. image::  https://travis-ci.com/model-bakers/model_bakery.svg?branch=master
    :target:  https://travis-ci.com/model-bakers/model_bakery/
    :alt: Test Status

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/model_bakery.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/model_bakery
    :alt: Latest PyPI version

Install
=======

.. code-block:: console

    pip install model_bakery


Usage and Info
==============

*     http://model-bakery.readthedocs.org/


Maintainers
===========

*     Ana Paula Gomes - https://github.com/anapaulagomes/
*     Bernardo Fontes - https://github.com/berinhard/
*     Rustem Saiargaliev - https://github.com/amureki/


Creator
=======

*     Vanderson Mota - https://github.com/vandersonmota/

Commit message:

Update the docs (#13)
* Update basic usage section

* Update sphinx's conf file

* Remove deprecation warnings from the docs since it's a fresh new lib

* Rename file

* Review how bakery behaves section

* Review index docs

* Remove know issues because now the lib user can customize model bakery to fix this issue

* Update recipes docs

* Update docs version

* Content revision

* Correct format

* Comment out unused conf

* Remove extensions from doc because it only works with model mommy

* Update readme

* Fix travis badge url

* Fix URL because REAMED is rst file not markdown

* Link to django dev docs

Co-Authored-By: Rust Saiargaliev <rustem.sayargaliev@thermondo.de>

* Remove py2 requirements

* Rename variables to be more semantic

README.rst, after:

=============================================
Model Bakery: Smart fixtures for better tests
=============================================

*Model Bakery* offers you a smart way to create fixtures for testing in Django.

With a simple and powerful API you can create many objects with a single line of code.

Model Bakery is a rename of the legacy `Model Mommy project <https://pypi.org/project/model_mommy/>`_.

.. image::  https://travis-ci.com/model-bakers/model_bakery.svg?branch=master
    :target:  https://travis-ci.com/model-bakers/model_bakery/
    :alt: Test Status

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/model_bakery.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/model_bakery
    :alt: Latest PyPI version

Install
=======

.. code-block:: console

    pip install model_bakery


Usage and Info
==============

*     http://model-bakery.readthedocs.org/


Maintainers
===========

*     Ana Paula Gomes - https://github.com/anapaulagomes/
*     Bernardo Fontes - https://github.com/berinhard/
*     Rustem Saiargaliev - https://github.com/amureki/


Creator
=======

*     Vanderson Mota - https://github.com/vandersonmota/
