docs/source/basic_usage.rst, before:

Basic Usage
===========

Let's say you have an app **shop** with a model like this:

File: **models.py** ::

    class Customer(models.Model):
        """
        Model class Customer of shop app
        """
        enjoy_jards_macale = models.BooleanField()
        name = models.CharField(max_length=30)
        email = models.EmailField()
        age = models.IntegerField()
        bio = models.TextField()
        days_since_last_login = models.BigIntegerField()
        birthday = models.DateField()
        last_shopping = models.DateTimeField()

To create a persisted instance, just call Model Bakery:

File: **test_models.py** ::

    #Core Django imports
    from django.test import TestCase

    #Third-party app imports
    from model_bakery import baker

    from shop.models import Customer

    class CustomerTestModel(TestCase):
        """
        Class to test the model Customer
        """

        def setUp(self):
            self.customer = baker.make(Customer)

Importing every model over and over again is boring. So let Model Bakery import them for you: ::

    from model_bakery import baker

    # 1st form: app_label.model_name
    customer = baker.make('shop.Customer')

    # 2nd form: model_name
    product = baker.make('Product')

.. note::

    You can only use the 2nd form on unique model names. If you have an app shop with a Product, and an app stock with a Product, you must use the app_label.model_name form.

.. note::

    model_name is case insensitive.

Model Relationships
-------------------

Model Bakery also handles relationships. Let's say the customer has a purchase history:

File: **models.py** ::

    class Customer(models.Model):
        """
        Model class Customer of shop app
        """
        enjoy_jards_macale = models.BooleanField()
        name = models.CharField(max_length=30)
        email = models.EmailField()
        age = models.IntegerField()
        bio = models.TextField()
        days_since_last_login = models.BigIntegerField()
        birthday = models.DateField()
        appointment = models.DateTimeField()

    class PurchaseHistory(models.Model):
        """
        Model class PurchaseHistory of shop app
        """
        customer = models.ForeignKey('Customer')
        products = models.ManyToManyField('Product')
        year = models.IntegerField()

You can use Model Bakery as: ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class PurchaseHistoryTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.history = baker.make('shop.PurchaseHistory')
            print(self.history.customer)

It will also create the Customer, automagically.

**NOTE: ForeignKeys and OneToOneFields** - Since Django 1.8, ForeignKey and OneToOne fields don't accept unpersisted model instances anymore. This means that if you run: ::

    baker.prepare('shop.PurchaseHistory')

You'll end up with a persisted "Customer" instance.

M2M Relationships
-----------------

By default Model Bakery doesn't create related instances for many-to-many relationships. If you want them to be created, you have to turn it on as following: ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class PurchaseHistoryTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.history = baker.make('shop.PurchaseHistory', make_m2m=True)
            print(self.history.products.count())


Explicit M2M Relationships
--------------------------
If you want to, you can prepare your own set of related object and pass it to Model Bakery. Here's an example: ::

    products_set = baker.prepare(Product, _quantity=5)
    history = baker.make(PurchaseHistory, products=products_set)


Explicit values for fields
--------------------------

By default, Model Bakery uses random values to populate the model's fields. But it's possible to explicitly set values for them as well. ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class CustomerTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.customer = baker.make(
                'shop.Customer',
                age=21
            )

            self.older_customer = baker.make(
                'shop.Customer',
                age=42
            )

Related objects fields are also reachable by their name or related names in a very similar way as Django does with `field lookups <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/models/querysets/#field-lookups>`_: ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class PurchaseHistoryTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.bob_history = baker.make(
                'shop.PurchaseHistory',
                customer__name='Bob'
            )

Creating Files
--------------

Model Bakery does not create files for FileField types. If you need to have the files created, you can pass the flag ``_create_files=True`` (defaults to ``False``) to either ``baker.make`` or ``baker.make_recipe``.

**Important**: the lib does not do any kind of file clean up, so it's up to you to delete the files created by it.


Non persistent objects
----------------------

If you don't need a persisted object, Model Bakery can handle this for you as well with the **prepare** method:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    customer = baker.prepare('shop.Customer')

It works like ``make`` method, but it doesn't persist the instance neither the related instances.

If you want to persist only the related instances but not your model, you can use the ``_save_related`` parameter for it:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    history = baker.prepare('shop.PurchaseHistory', _save_related=True)
    assert history.id is None
    assert bool(history.customer.id) is True

More than one instance
----------------------

If you need to create more than one instance of the model, you can use the ``_quantity`` parameter for it:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    customers = baker.make('shop.Customer', _quantity=3)
    assert len(customers) == 3

It also works with ``prepare``:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    customers = baker.prepare('shop.Customer', _quantity=3)
    assert len(customers) == 3

Multi-database support
----------------------

Model Bakery supports django application with more than one database.
If you want to determine which database bakery should use, you have the ``_using`` parameter:


.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    custom_db = "your_custom_db"
    assert custom_db in settings.DATABASES
    history = baker.make('shop.PurchaseHistory', _using=custom_db)
    assert history in PurchaseHistory.objects.using(custom_db).all()
    assert history.customer in Customer.objects.using(custom_db).all()
    # default database tables with no data
    assert not PurchaseHistory.objects.exists()
    assert not Customer.objects.exists()

Commit message:

_bulk_create flag is now creating related objects as well (#206)
* Move query count to a test utilitary file

* Bulk create now also creates related objects

* Add docs on _bulk_create flag and its limitations

* Fix broken url on the docs

* Update changelog

* Link PR in the changelog

* Fix mypy erros by expliciting that both methods return None

docs/source/basic_usage.rst, after:

Basic Usage
===========

Let's say you have an app **shop** with a model like this:

File: **models.py** ::

    class Customer(models.Model):
        """
        Model class Customer of shop app
        """
        enjoy_jards_macale = models.BooleanField()
        name = models.CharField(max_length=30)
        email = models.EmailField()
        age = models.IntegerField()
        bio = models.TextField()
        days_since_last_login = models.BigIntegerField()
        birthday = models.DateField()
        last_shopping = models.DateTimeField()

To create a persisted instance, just call Model Bakery:

File: **test_models.py** ::

    #Core Django imports
    from django.test import TestCase

    #Third-party app imports
    from model_bakery import baker

    from shop.models import Customer

    class CustomerTestModel(TestCase):
        """
        Class to test the model Customer
        """

        def setUp(self):
            self.customer = baker.make(Customer)

Importing every model over and over again is boring. So let Model Bakery import them for you: ::

    from model_bakery import baker

    # 1st form: app_label.model_name
    customer = baker.make('shop.Customer')

    # 2nd form: model_name
    product = baker.make('Product')

.. note::

    You can only use the 2nd form on unique model names. If you have an app shop with a Product, and an app stock with a Product, you must use the app_label.model_name form.

.. note::

    model_name is case insensitive.

Model Relationships
-------------------

Model Bakery also handles relationships. Let's say the customer has a purchase history:

File: **models.py** ::

    class Customer(models.Model):
        """
        Model class Customer of shop app
        """
        enjoy_jards_macale = models.BooleanField()
        name = models.CharField(max_length=30)
        email = models.EmailField()
        age = models.IntegerField()
        bio = models.TextField()
        days_since_last_login = models.BigIntegerField()
        birthday = models.DateField()
        appointment = models.DateTimeField()

    class PurchaseHistory(models.Model):
        """
        Model class PurchaseHistory of shop app
        """
        customer = models.ForeignKey('Customer')
        products = models.ManyToManyField('Product')
        year = models.IntegerField()

You can use Model Bakery as: ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class PurchaseHistoryTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.history = baker.make('shop.PurchaseHistory')
            print(self.history.customer)

It will also create the Customer, automagically.

**NOTE: ForeignKeys and OneToOneFields** - Since Django 1.8, ForeignKey and OneToOne fields don't accept unpersisted model instances anymore. This means that if you run: ::

    baker.prepare('shop.PurchaseHistory')

You'll end up with a persisted "Customer" instance.

M2M Relationships
-----------------

By default Model Bakery doesn't create related instances for many-to-many relationships. If you want them to be created, you have to turn it on as following: ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class PurchaseHistoryTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.history = baker.make('shop.PurchaseHistory', make_m2m=True)
            print(self.history.products.count())


Explicit M2M Relationships
--------------------------
If you want to, you can prepare your own set of related object and pass it to Model Bakery. Here's an example: ::

    products_set = baker.prepare(Product, _quantity=5)
    history = baker.make(PurchaseHistory, products=products_set)


Explicit values for fields
--------------------------

By default, Model Bakery uses random values to populate the model's fields. But it's possible to explicitly set values for them as well. ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class CustomerTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.customer = baker.make(
                'shop.Customer',
                age=21
            )

            self.older_customer = baker.make(
                'shop.Customer',
                age=42
            )

Related objects fields are also reachable by their name or related names in a very similar way as Django does with `field lookups <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/models/querysets/#field-lookups>`_: ::

    from django.test import TestCase

    from model_bakery import baker

    class PurchaseHistoryTestModel(TestCase):

        def setUp(self):
            self.bob_history = baker.make(
                'shop.PurchaseHistory',
                customer__name='Bob'
            )

Creating Files
--------------

Model Bakery does not create files for FileField types. If you need to have the files created, you can pass the flag ``_create_files=True`` (defaults to ``False``) to either ``baker.make`` or ``baker.make_recipe``.

**Important**: the lib does not do any kind of file clean up, so it's up to you to delete the files created by it.


Non persistent objects
----------------------

If you don't need a persisted object, Model Bakery can handle this for you as well with the **prepare** method:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    customer = baker.prepare('shop.Customer')

It works like ``make`` method, but it doesn't persist the instance neither the related instances.

If you want to persist only the related instances but not your model, you can use the ``_save_related`` parameter for it:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    history = baker.prepare('shop.PurchaseHistory', _save_related=True)
    assert history.id is None
    assert bool(history.customer.id) is True

More than one instance
----------------------

If you need to create more than one instance of the model, you can use the ``_quantity`` parameter for it:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    customers = baker.make('shop.Customer', _quantity=3)
    assert len(customers) == 3

It also works with ``prepare``:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    customers = baker.prepare('shop.Customer', _quantity=3)
    assert len(customers) == 3

The ``make`` method also accepts a parameter ``_bulk_create`` to use Django's `bulk_create <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/ref/models/querysets/#bulk-create>`_ method instead of calling ``obj.save()`` for each created instance.

**Disclaimer**: Django's ``bulk_create`` does not updates the created object primary key as explained in their docs. Because of that, there's no way for model-bakery to avoid calling ``save`` method for all the foreign keys.

So, for example, if you're trying to create 20 instances of a model with a foreign key using ``_bulk_create`` this will result in 21 queries (20 for each foreign key object and one to bulk create your 20 instances).

If you want to avoid that, you'll have to perform individual bulk creations per foreign keys as the following example:

.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    baker.prepare(User, _quantity=5, _bulk_create=True)
    user_iter = User.objects.all().iterator()
    baker.prepare(Profile, user=user_iter, _quantity=5, _bulk_create=True)

Multi-database support
----------------------

Model Bakery supports django application with more than one database.
If you want to determine which database bakery should use, you have the ``_using`` parameter:


.. code-block:: python

    from model_bakery import baker

    custom_db = "your_custom_db"
    assert custom_db in settings.DATABASES
    history = baker.make('shop.PurchaseHistory', _using=custom_db)
    assert history in PurchaseHistory.objects.using(custom_db).all()
    assert history.customer in Customer.objects.using(custom_db).all()
    # default database tables with no data
    assert not PurchaseHistory.objects.exists()
    assert not Customer.objects.exists()
