docs/source/index.rst, before:

Model Bakery: Smart fixtures for better tests
=============================================

Model Bakery offers you a smart way to create fixtures for testing in Django.

With a simple and powerful API you can create many objects with a single line of code.

Model Bakery is a rename of the legacy `model_mommy's project <https://pypi.org/project/model_mommy/>`_.


Contributing to Model Bakery
============================

As an open source project, Model Bakery welcomes contributions of many forms. Examples of contributions include:

* Code Patches
* Documentation improvements
* Bug reports


Compatibility
=============

model_bakery supports Django >= 1.11

Install
=======

Install it with ``pip``

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install model_bakery

Contributing
============

1. Prepare a virtual environment.

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install virtualenvwrapper
    $ mkvirtualenv model_bakery

2. Install the requirements.

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install -r dev_requirements.txt

3. Run the tests.

.. code-block:: console

    $ make test


Doubts? Loved it? Hated it? Suggestions?
========================================

Feel free to open an issue for support, development or ideas!

*  https://github.com/model-bakers/model_bakery


Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4

   basic_usage
   recipes
   how_bakery_behaves
   migrating_from_mommy

Commit message:

Add a more detailed explanation on the reasos for the rename (#57)

docs/source/index.rst, after:

Model Bakery: Smart fixtures for better tests
=============================================

Model Bakery offers you a smart way to create fixtures for testing in Django.

With a simple and powerful API you can create many objects with a single line of code.

Model Bakery is a rename of the legacy `model_mommy's project <https://pypi.org/project/model_mommy/>`_. This is because the project's creator and maintainers decided to not reinforce gender stereotypes for women in technology. You can read more about this subject `here <https://witi.com/articles/1017/How-Gender-Stereotypes-are-Still-Affecting-Women-in-Tech/>`_.


Contributing to Model Bakery
============================

As an open source project, Model Bakery welcomes contributions of many forms. Examples of contributions include:

* Code Patches
* Documentation improvements
* Bug reports


Compatibility
=============

model_bakery supports Django >= 1.11

Install
=======

Install it with ``pip``

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install model_bakery

Contributing
============

1. Prepare a virtual environment.

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install virtualenvwrapper
    $ mkvirtualenv model_bakery

2. Install the requirements.

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install -r dev_requirements.txt

3. Run the tests.

.. code-block:: console

    $ make test


Doubts? Loved it? Hated it? Suggestions?
========================================

Feel free to open an issue for support, development or ideas!

*  https://github.com/model-bakers/model_bakery


Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4

   basic_usage
   recipes
   how_bakery_behaves
   migrating_from_mommy
